well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
florida again
and boxers
what boxers can teach us about plans you
know
we're talking about florida again
because
something happened something that was
completely unforeseen unpredictable
nobody could have imagined this
happening except for everyone who did
it seemed like the only people that
didn't see this coming were the people
responsible for making sure that it
didn't come
yesterday we were talking about how
governor desantis has decided now
that it's time to reopen schools in
august
in person we're talking about how the
numbers suggest that
maybe that's not the best course of
action maybe that's not the best plan
but see he has a plan he has that plan
and he wants to stick to it that plan is
real simple we're going to put all this
behind us we're going to get back to our
routine we are going to put this issue
to bed
the problem is we can't do that because
we're running out of beds
we have 962 beds left icu beds
left in the state you have some
hospitals that are straight out of beds
it's clear from that that what we're
doing is not working
every boxer will tell you that when you
step into that ring you have a plan
until you get punched in the face
florida we have been punched in the face
we have to adjust our plan or we're
going to get knocked
out the bed shortage isn't even the
biggest issue
we're running out of nurses they're
having to shuffle nurses
around the state to meet the demands
major metropolitan areas have hospitals
with no icu beds left
962 left in the state
and that number is actually lower by now
they're locked into that plan
and they don't want to change they don't
want to admit they were wrong
they don't want to admit that they've
been punched in the face
we are floridians we know
that after a hurricane the government's
pretty much
useless they're not going to help we're
on our own for a few days and during
that period
we have to make the best decisions we
can for ourselves
our families and our communities that's
where we're at right now
we didn't suffer a natural disaster we
suffered a political one
that has caused far more damage because
of
ego hurricane desantis
following the politicians advice on this
following their plan
to stay safe it's clearly not working
maybe instead of following the advice of
the guy who couldn't put his mask
on we should follow the advice of the
doctors
and i know they like to pretend that
there's a bunch of debate
there's not there's a pretty clear
consensus on this
we need to do what has worked in other
places
stay at home wash your hands don't touch
your face
if you have to absolutely go out for
some reason wear a mask
this isn't hard
that's the plan that's the plan we
should all be working towards i would
suggest that adding another point of
transmission
at schools when we can't handle it as it
is
is probably not a good idea we should
probably alter that plan
i know there are a lot of people that
think that we should just let it run its
course
you know get everybody exposed and then
we'll all be okay
yeah there's some acceptable losses that
are going to have to happen that way
the problem with that theory is that
study after study after study is showing
that the antibodies don't last very long
so if we don't stop transmission once
they wear off
you might get it again we don't know
but we can't develop a plan based on
that or we're going to get punched in
the face again
because we don't know what we do know
is that staying at home washing your
hands not touching your face wearing a
mask
these things work they help
what we're doing now isn't working
and as people talk about acceptable
losses i want to put
our national situation into focus real
quick
we have lost more people to this than we
did to combat in vietnam
or combat in korea or combat in world
war one
or all of those combat deaths added
together
this is out of control and it didn't
have to be
we didn't have to make these decisions
they made these decisions
under the pretext of saving the economy
you know i'm not an economist but i
would suggest
that having like the state
the country whatever half shut down for
a year
because we refuse to do what's necessary
and everybody just stay at home
is going to be more damaging than
everybody staying at home for a month
the longer this goes on the worse the
economy is going to get
you can't wait for a government order
you don't need a government order
stay at home do what you can to stay
at home and i understand their economic
concerns
take every possible precaution you can
everything that you can do do it wear a
mask
at work do everything you can if you
have a boss that tells you not to wear a
mask or that you can't do it
in their store or whatever send me a
message
um we we've got to back each other up
and we have to act as a community
because the government has failed us we
have no leadership
we have to lead ourselves
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day